Introduced a _merge parameter for merging list (#2504)
epiphany-platform/epiphany: docs/home/howto/SCHEMA.md

> ## Schema

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Inheritance
```

Reviewer: We could add info similar to [this one](https://docs.rubocop.org/rubocop/configuration.html#inheritance) - unless we already have in another doc.

### Named lists

> Epiphany uses a concept called **named lists** in the configuration YAML. Every entry in a **named lists**  list will have a ```name``` field to identify it and make it unique for merge operations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Epiphany uses a concept called **named lists** in the configuration YAML. Every item in a **named list**  has the ```name``` key to identify it and make it unique for merge operation:
```

```yaml
...
  list:
  - name: entry1
    property1: property1
    property2: property2
  - name: entry2
    property1: property1
    property2: property2
  - name: entry3
    property1: property1

>     property2: property2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - name: item1
    property1: value1
    property2: value2
  - name: item2
    property1: value3
    property2: value4
```

...
```

> By default, a **named list** inside your configuration it will completely overwrite the defaults that Epiphany provides. This behaviour is on purpose so when you, for example, define a list of users for Kafka inside your configuration it completely overwrite the users defined in the [Kafka defaults.](https://github.com/epiphany-platform/epiphany/blob/9ff9bb266cd6addf309059a8a5e7a48835daafc3/core/src/epicli/data/common/defaults/configuration/kafka.yml#L34).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, a **named list** in your configuration file will completely overwrite the defaults that Epiphany provides. This behaviour is on purpose so when you, for example, define a list of users for Kafka inside your configuration it completely overwrites the users defined in the [Kafka defaults](https://github.com/epiphany-platform/epiphany/blob/9ff9bb266cd6addf309059a8a5e7a48835daafc3/core/src/epicli/data/common/defaults/configuration/kafka.yml#L34).
```

> In some cases however you don't want to overwrite a **named list**. A good example would be the [application configurations.](https://github.com/epiphany-platform/epiphany/blob/develop/core/src/epicli/data/common/defaults/configuration/applications.yml)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases, however, you don't want to overwrite a **named list**. A good example would be the [application configurations](https://github.com/epiphany-platform/epiphany/blob/v1.0.1/core/src/epicli/data/common/defaults/configuration/applications.yml).
```
IMO it's better to avoid linking to develop branch since things are changing there 😉

Author: Good point

> You don't want to re-define every entry just to make sure Epiphany has all default entries needed by the Ansible automation. That is where the ```_merge``` metadata tag comes in. It will let you define if you want to ```overwrite``` or ```merge``` sa **named list** by setting it to ```true``` or ```false```.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You don't want to re-define every item just to make sure Epiphany has all default items needed by the Ansible automation. That is where the ```_merge``` metadata tag comes in. It will let you define whether you want to ```overwrite``` or ```merge``` a **named list** by setting it to ```true``` or ```false```.
```

For example you want to enable the ```auth-service``` application. Instead of defining the whole ```configuration/applications``` configuration you can do the following:

```yaml
kind: configuration/applications
title: "Kubernetes Applications Config"
name: default
provider: azure
specification:
  applications:
  - _merge: true
  - name: auth-service
    enabled: true
```

> The ```_merge``` entry with ```true``` will tell Epicli to merge the application list and only change the ```enabled: true``` entry inside the ```auth-service``` and take the rests of the [configuration/applications]((https://github.com/epiphany-platform/epiphany/blob/develop/core/src/epicli/data/common/defaults/configuration/applications.yml)) configuration from the defaults.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ```_merge``` item with ```true``` will tell epicli to merge the application list and only change the ```enabled: true``` setting inside the ```auth-service``` and take the rests of the [configuration/applications]((https://github.com/epiphany-platform/epiphany/blob/v1.0.1/core/src/epicli/data/common/defaults/configuration/applications.yml)) configuration from the defaults.
```
